Add information about the deviceId (#6568)
mattermost/docs: source/deploy/mobile-faq.rst

.. note::
  
 The use of hosted applications by Mattermost `can be deployed with Enterprise Mobility Management solutions via AppConfig </deploy/mobile-appconfig.html>`__ but wrapping is not supported. See the `product documentation </deploy/deploy-mobile-apps-using-emm-provider.html#manage-app-configuration-using-appconfig>`__ for details.

> How the `deviceId` behaves

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How the ``deviceId`` behaves
```

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

> The `deviceId` is a identifier provided by the push notification service (Apple Push Notification service (APNs) and Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM)) that identifies the relationship between device, app and the notification service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``deviceId`` is a identifier provided by a push notification service, such as Apple Push Notification service (APNs) and Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM), that identifies the relationship between device, app, and the notification service.
```

> When the app starts, if the push notification permissions are enabled, it will try to connect with the corresponding notification service (APNs for iOS, FCM for Android) to get the `deviceId`. If there is any change in the `deviceId`, it will notify any connected server about this change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the app starts, if the push notification permissions are enabled, the app will try to connect with the corresponding notification service (APNs for iOS, FCM for Android) to get the ``deviceId``. If there is any change to the ``deviceId``, the app will notify any connected server about this change.
```

> Based on the documentation from [APNs](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/usernotifications/registering_your_app_with_apns?changes=_8) and [FCM](https://firebase.google.com/docs/cloud-messaging/android/client#java_1), the `deviceId` only will change in the following cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on the documentation from `APNs <https://developer.apple.com/documentation/usernotifications/registering_your_app_with_apns?changes=_8>`__ and `FCM <https://firebase.google.com/docs/cloud-messaging/android/client#java_1>`__, the ``deviceId`` only will change in the following cases:
```

> Based on the documentation from `APNs <https://developer.apple.com/documentation/usernotifications/registering_your_app_with_apns?changes=_8>`__ and `FCM <https://firebase.google.com/docs/cloud-messaging/android/client#java_1>`__, the ``deviceId`` only will change in the following cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Based on the documentation from `APNs <https://developer.apple.com/documentation/usernotifications/registering_your_app_with_apns?changes=_8>`__ and `FCM <https://firebase.google.com/docs/cloud-messaging/android/client#java_1>`__, the ``deviceId`` only will change in the following cases:

```

- The app is restored from a backup from a different device
- The user clears the app data

> - The user reinstall the app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The user reinstalled the app
```

> - The user install the app in a different device

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The user installed the app on a different device
```

> If the phone has a `deviceId`, when the user logs into a server, and audit log `login` will store the `deviceId`, and the `deviceId` will also be added in the session data in the database. It is possible the `deviceId` is not available, due to several reasons including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the device has a ``deviceId``, when the user logs into a Mattermost server, an audit log entry ``login`` will store the ``deviceId``, and the ``deviceId`` will also be added in the session data in the database. However, it's possible the ``deviceId`` isn't available, due to several reasons including:
```

Reviewer: Please confirm that it's the Mattermost server the user logs into here.

- The device is not connected to the network
- The notification service is not reachable for any reason
- The app is not properly signed
- The device has not been granted the needed permissions

> In those scenarios, the `login` audit log will not have the `deviceId`, and the session data will not have the `deviceId`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In these scenarios, the ``login`` audit log won't have the ``deviceId``, and the session data won't have the ``deviceId``.
```

> If the app receives the `deviceId` later, the phone will send the new `deviceId` to the server, generating a `attachDeviceId` audit log, and adding the `deviceId` to the session data in the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the app receives the ``deviceId`` later, the device will send the new ``deviceId`` to the server, generating an ``attachDeviceId`` audit log, and adding the ``deviceId`` to the session data in the database.
```

> Since the `deviceId` relates to the application, connections done through the web browser, even on mobile, will not have a `deviceID`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the ``deviceId`` relates to the application, connections through the web browser, even on mobile, won't have a ``deviceID``.
```

How the ``deviceId`` behaves
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The ``deviceId`` is a identifier provided by a push notification service, such as Apple Push Notification service (APNs) and Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM), that identifies the relationship between device, app, and the notification service.

When the app starts, if the push notification permissions are enabled, the app will try to connect with the corresponding notification service (APNs for iOS, FCM for Android) to get the ``deviceId``. If there is any change to the ``deviceId``, the app will notify any connected server about this change.

Based on the documentation from `APNs <https://developer.apple.com/documentation/usernotifications/registering_your_app_with_apns?changes=_8>`__ and `FCM <https://firebase.google.com/docs/cloud-messaging/android/client#java_1>`__, the ``deviceId`` only will change in the following cases:

- The app is restored from a backup from a different device
- The user clears the app data
- The user reinstalled the app
- The user installed the app on a different device

> If the device has a ``deviceId``, when the user logs into a Mattermost server, an audit log entry ``login`` will store the ``deviceId``, and the ``deviceId`` will also be added in the session data in the database. However, it's possible the ``deviceId`` isn't available, due to several reasons including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the device has a ``deviceId``, when the user logs into a Mattermost server, an audit log entry ``login`` will store the ``deviceId``, and the ``deviceId`` will also be added in the session data in the database. However, it's possible the ``deviceId`` isn't available, due to several reasons including:

```
